Thankfully position relative is much more exciting than the position static and maybe we can test it
out.
So we have right now maybe the the class of 1.
So we have a date with the class one man.
We can I think work on this guy.
So let's say we have position and we already know that we have an option for the static.
Now the moment we save it was position relative.
You notice nothing changes.
We might be tempted to say no.
Okay so it's pretty much like.
However you would be a tiny bit wrong because with a position relative what we can do is we can set
it relative to its normal position so whenever it was sitting normal in flow we can actually adjust
that.
Now we can do that with four properties and the first one is gonna be top.
So let's say relative to a top port was.
So in our case what we can do we can say I don't know for example 50 pixels.
What happens is I move that 50 pixels away from where it was sitting relatively with its normal position.
So now it's sitting basically 50 percent or I'm sorry 50 pixels down.
Now it can use multiple values here.
We can say let's say maybe arms.
So for the left one I'm going to use like 20 arms so not only going to place it 50 pixels down relative
to where it was normally.
Also will all gonna do 20 hour games left from where it was sitting relatively now since I would like
to use multiple values I'm going to say at an all right.
He's gonna be now.
I don't know 50 percent and I was then this is gonna be more so now we are also using this top one.
So maybe that wouldn't be the best example where we have already left one and then we're using the right
one.
So why don't we do this.
Why don't we come on this out and now we're going to move it to the right.
Now this way we're pushing it relatively to where it was sitting normally 50 percent from the right.
Now also we have the bottom so we could push it from the bottom and again within doing the same thing
where top is gonna be commented out and then we're going to work with the bottom line for the bottom.
I don't know.
We had our yams we had percent.
I guess we can again do with the pixels.
Doesn't really matter.
So I can just say to two hundred pixels and now we pretty much moved it away from the screen.
So maybe let's not be that drastic.
We can also do 20 pixels and now we just move 20 pixels relative of where it was sitting up because
moved it 20 pixels from the bottom.
And that's how we can work with position relative in the same.